today's April 9th 2013 I went to the
Nellis feed store here in Las Vegas to
buy more pigeon food and saw these baby
pigeons on the floor
I guess the owner decided to just drop
them off these four are about a couple
weeks old this big dark one is a little
older but it's still very young and it's
don't need the parents to feed it
they're very hungry right now and I
actually need to feed them soon but
there's actually two that I saw that
were in critical condition these two
were pretty much pecked to death I
thought they were dead at first but then
when I saw them breathing I realized
that I needed to get them get them out
as soon as possible because there were
some chickens mixed in there with the
other pigeons when I first saw them I
wanted to just take these two but then I
realized that the other ones are
probably gonna get pecked to death as
well so I decided to take all six I'm
not sure if these two are gonna make it
it's a 50/50 chance right now but I'm
gonna try my best to try to save them
all
you
holy lady
the back is still healing but it's a lot
better
today is June 24th 2013 I have a little
owl here closer look you can see here
there's still a little bald spot on his
back but I mean the amount of time that
he recovered was just amazing makes me
happy
you